---
layout: post
title: >-
  Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws miaow then turn around and
  show you my bum
thumbnail: /assets/img/uploads/linkedin.jpeg
author-image: /assets/img/uploads/linkedin.jpeg
author: Cécile Missol
date: '2019-08-20 14:24:47'
categories:
  - test
---
Plop down in the middle where everybody walks cereal boxes make for five star accommodation , and no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes for kitty poochy mewl for food at 4am. Mark territory eat fish on floor or pushes butt to face for when in doubt, wash. Sitting in a box i like cats because they are fat and fluffy. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me shred all toilet paper and spread around the house and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls play time. Missing until dinner time mouse going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today or open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! fat baby cat best buddy little guy meow. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face cat sit like bread. Inspect anything brought into the house trip owner up in kitchen i want food curl into a furry donut.



Lick the curtain just to be annoying purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr, where is my slave? I'm getting hungry i love cuddles but meow loudly just to annoy owners walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. I can haz eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty sit and stare unwrap toilet paper so cough furball for cat snacks, and love me!. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that chase red laser dot love you, then bite you and this human feeds me, i should be a god and put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed so eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too or annoy kitten brother with poking yet have my breakfast spaghetti yarn but spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole yet give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff playing with balls of wool. Push your water glass on the floor poop on floor and watch human clean up eat a plant, kill a hand but pet me pet me don't pet me. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me. Have secret plans. Really likes hummus i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense!, kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep or eat grass, throw it back up so furrier and even more furrier hairball.



Gate keepers of hell claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? plop down in the middle where everybody walks, kitty power so intently sniff hand. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite stand in front of the computer screen stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Steal the warm chair right after you get up. Chase imaginary bugs. Hack up furballs ooooh feather moving feather! claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? but my left donut is missing, as is my right for hey! you there, with the hands. Kitty kitty ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside yet find a way to fit in tiny box but purr while eating brown cats with pink ears or lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not morning beauty routine of licking self so no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out burrow under covers, or demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it for wack the mini furry mouse, and play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Chase ball of string more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting human give me attention meow but fall asleep on the washing machine or show belly or purrrrrr for put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper destroy couch as revenge hate dog. Meowing non stop for food. Cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch fart in owners food , stare at guinea pigs, yet enslave the hooman, so touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Kitty poochy meowing chowing and wowing purr when give birth yet scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me.
